# Test Data
When the `gen_data.py` program is run it fills the database with dummy data.
The following describes what gets generated and how the various data
files effect the resulting data set.

## Users
The program generates dummy users for 4 different user types.

User Type    | Number of Users | Range of IDs
---------    | --------------- | ------------
Public       | 20              | 4000001 - 4000020
Student      | 100             | 1000001 - 1000100
Supervisor   | 10              | 8000001 - 8000010
Course Admin | 5               | 9000001 - 9000005


All users generated by this program will have a password of `password1`.

## Courses
There are two sets of course description files, `prereq.json` and
`courses.json`. The first set in `prereq.json` are meant for use as
prerequisite courses and shouldn't have any tasks assigned to
them. Part of the course generation process is also the generation of
sessions. For each year from 2000 to 2018 two sessions are
generated and for 2019 and 2020, three sessions are generated.
Each course in `courses.json` has a corresponding session
added to the `sessions` table, it assumes all courses will run in all
sessions.

## Topics
The topic information has been taken from the CSE topics database, it
will insert both the topic into the `topics` table and the topic areas
into the `topic_areas` table. The data for the topics is stored in the
`topics.json` file.

## Tasks
Tasks are described in the `tasks.json` file. Each specifies
course code; this code must have a corresponding entry in the
`courses.json` file. A task is assigned to all sessions of that
course. The due date is randomly assigned to some point within each
session so a task will most likely be due at different times for
different sessions. Finally it also adds the required information to
the `submission_types` table if the task requires a file upload.
