# Test Data
When the `gen_data.py` program is ran it fills the database with data,
the following describes what gets generated and how the various data
files effect the resulting data set.

## Users
The program generates 100 'student' users along with 10 'supervisor'
users. The student's zIDs start from 1000001 while the supervisor's
ones start from 8000001. All users generated by this program will have
a password of `password1`.

## Courses
There are two sets of course description files, `prereq.json` and
`courses.json`. The first set in `prereq.json` are meant for use as
prerequisite courses and shouldn't have any tasks assigned to
them. Part of the course generation process is also the generation of
sessions. For each year from 2000 to 2020 three sessions are
generated. Each course in `courses.json` has a corresponding session
added to the `sessions` table, it assumes all courses will run in all
sessions.

## Topics
The topic information has been taken from the CSE topic database, it
will insert both the topic into the `topics` table and the topic areas
into the `topic_areas` table. The data for the topics is stored in the
`topics.json` file.

## Tasks
Tasks are described in the `tasks.json` file each one specifies a
course code, this code must have a corresponding entry in the
`courses.json` file. A task is assigned to all sessions of that
course. The due date is randomly assigned to some point within each
session so a task will most likely be due at different times for
different sessions. Finally it also add the required information to
the `submission_types` table if the task requires a file upload.
